So your first love, Sa Jin Jin, is getting married to...
your brother, Anthony, today?
What a terrible coincidence.
It's like the story of a cheap soap opera.
Stop it. He's feeling bad as is.
Don't cry because you're feeling bad.
I'm okay.
Really? Are you really okay?
Of course, I'm not.
Oh, dear. Don't be so sad.
I'm not sad at all.
It's not even real. "We got Married" is just a TV show.
Thank you so much for coming all the way here...
to celebrate their wedding.
I'm Park Seul Gi, the host of this wedding and "We Got Married".
All right.
We'll now begin the wedding ceremony of...
the groom, Anthony, and the bride, Sa Jin Jin.
The bride and groom, please enter the hall.
Please give them a big applause.
I must say this is the wedding of the century.
I can't take my eyes off the beautiful couple.
Keep clapping until they reach the podium.
Hello.
- I'm really sorry. - It's fine.
Let's greet your guests who are here to celebrate.
Bride and groom, bow.
(The sixth story: My girlfriend's wedding)
I take Sa Jin Jin as my wife...
and promise to create a warm and special time for us.
I take Anthony as my husband...
and promise to always take...
the first step and smile for him.
Just look at how broad they are.
They're endlessly broad.
Anthony has amazingly broad shoulders.
Could you help me out?
- You'll be my brother-in-law. - Do you want that?
Yes, dear brother-in-law.
- I vow that... - I vow that...
- I will stay with you forever. - I will stay with you forever.
A round of applause, please.
You made a promise in front of all these witnesses.
I hope that you never fight,
stay happy, and never end up getting divorced.
Kiss! Let the groom kiss the bride!
No kissing.
Kiss her! Kiss her.
- Kiss her. Kiss her. - Kiss her. Kiss her.
Thank you, everyone.
I guess that was the bride's friend.
She gave us a lovely suggestion.
How about we let Anthony...
celebrate this special day...
by kissing his lovely bride?
How about that?
To live up to your support and demand,
our handsome groom Anthony...
will now kiss...
his beautiful bride!
It's their first time, of course it's awkward. Everyone!
- Kiss her. Kiss her. - Kiss her. Kiss her.
- That's it. - Kiss her. Kiss her.
They deserve some applause!
There's no going back.
The deal has been signed.
I hope this is the beginning of a happy marriage.
Let's all give them a warm hand.
Congratulations.
"A successful fan"?
I sent them gifts when they were on a radio show,
and they chose her instead?
I bet Sa Jin Jin told them to post the photo.
I bet he just couldn't refuse.
My dear brother is just too polite.
What if Sa Jin Jin sees this and thinks he really like her?
What if she flirts with him?
She's a fan of your big brother.
They should really start going out.
Are you crazy? That can never happen.
We refuse to be boring or average,
so we prepared a special event.
It's time to find the owner of the ring!
Thank you.
Before we begin,
can the beautiful bride please turn around?
This is all so nerve-wracking.
Before the bride...
are three men dressed in animal costumes.
One is Anthony, the groom.
One is Gong Ji Won, the groom's brother,
and one is a member of our crew.
The crucial hint are their hands.
Jin Jin, you have to find your groom's hand...
and put the ring on his finger.
Can the three men hold out a hand?
Jin Jin, step forward and find your man.
- Is this possible? - It'll be too easy for her.
How is that possible?
Hands are smart, you know.
- What? - You idiot.
Hands can talk.
If you like someone, your hands flirt like crazy.
Like a magnet's opposite poles pull each other,
you just have to hold hands.
Take your time and look thoroughly.
Jin Jin's looking for her groom.
Which of these hands belong to Anthony?
Which is Anthony's?
No one knows the answer.
Jin Jin's looking very hard...
with her eyes wide open.
Now we're onto the mongoose.
(Wedding of the century)
You were sure you'd found him when you put the ring on.
Yes, I was sure.
There.
A round of applause, everyone!
Jin Jin put the ring on...
the hand of the pink bear.
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure.
Anthony has a spot on the back of his hand.
He got it while playing with a mechanical pencil as a boy.
Us Candies... Anthony's fans used to joke about...
wanting to be reborn as...
the lead in that mechanical pencil.
It's time to reveal who's wearing each mask.
Can the pink bear please take off his mask?
The pink bear was...
Gong Ji Won, the groom's younger brother.
Let's see who's wearing the other two outfits.
- First, - That's odd.
- let's see who the rabbit is. - That can't be.
Who is it?
Please show yourself.
The white rabbit was a member of our filming crew.
Then is the mongoose our groom?
Mongoose, please take off your mask.
Oh, dear.
The mongoose turned out to be Anthony.
What a pity.
I must have lost my mind. What's wrong with me?
Anthony's spot is on his right hand, and I checked their left hands.
How could I have missed something like that?
Anthony must've been so upset.
But he was smiling.
Was he? How? Do you remember?
He grinned.
Without showing his teeth? With each corner at a 15-degree angle?
I don't really remember.
I bet that was the smile you saw.
That's his embarrassed smile.
He has a 30-degree smile when he's happy,
and when he's very happy, you can see his teeth.
Anthony has such a great personality,
he rarely gets angry.
How could she not know my hand?
No, it can happen.
Now I know my brother has a spot...
on the back of his hand.
Okay.
Chul Min, I'll take the ring.
- What? - You don't wear rings.
You don't like accessories.
I'll keep it and give it to you at the next shoot. Hand it over.
No, I'll keep it.
- Will you? - Yes.
Han Ah Reum, get over here.
Me? Why?
You're so shameless. I don't believe you.
Don't you show remorse?
I learned about morals and ethics...
in school, you know.
The person who wronged you was not me.
Then who was it?
I have so many different versions of me.
Put it simply.
I blame the alcohol.
I can't help but lose my mind when I drink.
Then don't drink.
Or drink with someone.
Ah Reum, do you even know what you did?
Sorry. Sorry, sorry. I'm really sorry.
I didn't think your lover would leave you.
What nonsense are you talking about?
- What will you do about my car? - What?
Were you talking about your car?
I thought you were talking about something else.
Something else? What something else?
I washed my car, steamed the insides, and wiped it down.
Do you know how many times I washed it?
I'll pay you for it. I'll pay you double. Or triple.
Wait, why do you sound like you're not sorry?
Will you just say it only once?
Oh, right. I'll set you up on a date.
- A date? - I'll keep doing that...
until you find someone you like.
As an apology.
Really?
Why? Don't you want it?
When?
That wasn't an easy scene,
but it went very well.
Great job today, you two.
You do know that the press conference is next week, right?
Keep this a secret even if reporters call you.
- Sure. - Okay.
Anyway, you two look too awkward for people who just had a wedding.
You two haven't had a drink yet, have you?
Not yet.
The weather is too great for two beautiful people to go home.
I have something planned tonight.
Jin Jin.
Gosh, this is good.
Keep it going, okay? I'll see you next week.
- Great job today. - Great job.
Well...
- Never mind. - It's not that.
I didn't want to burden you. Don't worry about it.
No, it's not that.
It's 010-5982...
It's fine.
1023.
He might not think it's his birthday.
He might think it's just a coincidence.
He's not an idiot.
He probably thought I was too much, right?
I'm sure he was happy. He's probably telling everyone he has your number.
I'm sure he'll text you soon.
"Are you asleep?"
Hey, come on. He would never do that.
He's a busy man.
Goodness, you're doing that again.
Hey, your current social position is so much better...
than anyone else right now.
But why do you always...
play the underdog with a former idol star who's forgotten?
That's simpler than a times table.
He's a star, and I'm a fan.
Let's just say that you're right.
That's not what's important.
Then what's important?
We need to get things straight.
Why isn't Ji Won here yet?
Tyson will definitely win.
No, Bruce Lee will.
Don't you know Mike Tyson, the nuclear punch?
His neck size was 20in, and weighed at least 40kg more than Bruce Lee.
He's probably five weight divisions above him.
Weight divisions aren't important.
Bruce Lee's punches are 1.5 times stronger than Tyson's,
and he can punch five times in a second.
He's so fast that cameras can't catch him.
- Bruce has muscles within muscles, - Muscles within muscles,
and more muscles in those muscles.
Exactly. That's what you call a man who's 100 percent muscular,
like me.
Tyson was the first heavyweight champion who won...
all three leagues, WBA, WBC, and IBF.
Ji Won, don't you know about Bruce Lee's lethal moves?
What? Nunchucks?
No, hitting vital points.
Eyes, middle of the forehead, neck, solar plexus, temples,
and...
that part.
I lost.
Gosh, it'd be great if you could stop by.
Next time, I won't let you off.
Fine, thanks for today.
Don't mention it. Bye.
Ji Won.
Was Jin Jin the friend whom you said lives upstairs?
I was going to tell you.
I was planning a surprise meeting.
Jin Jin has been your fan for a very long time,
and I've seen how much she likes you.
I thought she'd be happy,
so I've been planning a surprise.
I see.
Anyway, I'll arrange something very soon.
When we all meet next time, it won't be work-related.
Let's all meet up comfortably, okay?
Okay.
Bye.
Hold on, Ji Won.
Haven't you...
ever thought Jin Jin was pretty?
What are you talking about?
We've been friends since when we were babies.
- Just go. - Okay.
[VIU Ver] E11 20th Century Boy & Girl "My Friend's Wedding"
-= Ruo Xi =-
One more time, okay?
Ji Won, get a hold of yourself and try again.
Good boy.
Jin Jin is married, so she's out of the question.
I choose...
Young Shim.
Why? Why her?
Yes, I'm curious too.
She's cute.
That's complete nonsense.
You're only after money and power, you materialistic jerk.
Hey! I don't like you either.
You're too scrawny.
Oh, right.
There were a lot of cameras and crew members,
and it really wasn't scripted.
How do you not get intimidated by all that?
Did you take Xanax?
Man, I really came to respect you.
Jin Jin.
I was at your wedding. Can't you at least thank me?
Thanks.
And thanks for coming today.
- Thanks to you, I had fun. - I had fun too.
Wasn't my brother really handsome today?
Why? Wasn't he?
- Of course he was. - You don't seem too excited.
Oh, I heard women sometimes get that marriage blue.
Is that why?
What is it?
What's wrong?
Why didn't you tell me?
Why didn't you tell me your brother was Anthony?
For a more dramatic effect?
If you're meant to be,
you two will end up meeting.
Thanks a lot.
Right? Everything's great if it all works out.
I mean, your wish came true. Aren't you happy?
Yes, I am.
Okay.
If you're happy, then I'm happy.
She came by so many times today.
She couldn't wait a second before she pierced my heart.
She's even there when the clouds pass me by.
She suddenly appeared in my peaceful life,
and got a hold of me so that I can't move an inch.
Why does she keep appearing before me?
Hello, I'm Jeong Ji Yeong, the host of "With You Tonight".
It seems like this person, JJ, has a guest in his heart.
Are you curious about the reason for this stranger's visit?
If that's the case,
why don't you listen carefully...
to what your heart says?
Sometimes,
your ears can see through the heart better than your eyes.
It's what Chang said in the movie, "Happy Together".
Jin Jin, come out for breakfast.
I'm not eating.
Suit yourself.
What's wrong with this?
She won't have breakfast.
- Why not? - I don't know.
I thought it was strange how she didn't skip breakfast lately.
She'd never had breakfast,
so I thought it was because the autumn came.
She had so little too.
She didn't look so good last night.
Why don't we feed her some herbal tonics?
She wouldn't drink it even if we get her those.
How could you two worry about her eating habits...
every day throughout the year?
Don't worry. She's feeding herself just fine.
Give me some rice too.
- What? - Goodness.
Good morning.
Did you sleep well? You look good.
I had a sound sleep.
Did you get hurt?
I got hurt a little while exercising.
Goodness. There's an orthopedics in the intersection.
Go get it treated.
- Hurry, Mom. I'm hungry. - Okay.
Do you have any good news?
You're so quick-witted.
I began working again.
Really? What is it?
Is it a drama or movie?
It's a variety show. You know "We Got Married"?
Isn't it about having a fake marriage life?
Yes, I held my wedding ceremony yesterday too.
Why would you take that?
Won't it work as a disadvantage for your real marriage?
Don't worry.
It's a fake marriage, so people won't think it's real. It's okay.
Of course, it's all right.
I'm glad to hear that my daughter got married...
even if it's fake.
Who's your partner?
- You must have a husband. - Anthony.
My husband is Anthony.
- Your brother? - Yes.
Gosh, how did that happen?
He's the singer whom she liked so much.
The one who looks stupid?
Your dad has such bad eyes for people.
He's gentle and good-looking.
I like him.
He looks so genuine and reliable.
Bring him home some time.
They do that stuff in the show.
Are you crazy? No, that's never going to happen.
She's right. It's not necessary.
They're not married for real either.
Don't invite just anyone in the house.
Invite only her real partner.
It's no use being so protective of your daughter.
You know well already.
She'll put us aside once she finds her life partner anyway.
Bring your brother here someday.
I wanted to treat him to a meal...
after hearing the story from Kwang Hee.
- That'd be nice. - Okay.
- Anthony likes Korean food, right? - Right.
He especially likes meat.
- Pork or beef? - Chicken.
But he hates eggs.
Right, right. He can't eat spicy food either, can he?
No. His taste is like that of a child.
But he loves green onion kimchi.
Then...
For today's dinner, let's make non-spicy chicken as the main dish,
other Korean dishes without eggs, and green onion kimchi.
- What? - He's coming for dinner.
What?
What's wrong? Your mom said she wanted to cook for him.
You said you have no work today, so I told him to come.
I have a photoshoot today.
Oh, right. And I have a meeting with Director Choi too.
I'm so busy today.
Gosh, it can't be helped then.
I guess we have to eat dinner without you today.
He can come again next time, so don't be too disappointed.
Are you insane? You must be crazy.
Why would he visit my house? Does he want to come?
You told him to come, right?
Did you tell him that I'll be home?
Did you ask him to meet together with me?
My mom might ask him so many things.
The house is messy too.
Will we be able to paper the walls before dinner?
Call him and cancel the dinner in a careful way, so he doesn't get hurt.
Wait, no. He'll feel uncomfortable then.
Gosh, why on earth did you do that?
Are you insane? Did you hurt your head along with your wrist?
No, that's not it.
By the way, do you know this song?
I'm so sorry, but I love you
It was all a lie
Hey!
Your grandson is Ham Jong Hwa who was born in 2000, right?
He might get released soon if you settle the case.
So you need to prepare for settlement money first.
Are you talking about money?
It's 5,400 dollars in total.
What if I can't prepare that money?
It will be sent as a juvenile protection case...
or a criminal case.
He was put in the detention center, so he's likely to be indicted.
The case will be taken to court.
If you can't reach a settlement, it'll lead to a trial on appeal.
So what's going to happen?
Like I told you,
it will be progressed as a juvenile protection case or a criminal case.
So what is going to happen? I don't understand.
You call yourself a law expert, but all you talk about is nonsense.
Is it that hard to say things in an easier way?
Can't you make it easy to understand?
My goodness.
He looks so much like his dad.
What is it about?
My friend, Hyung Geun's youngest child...
gave birth to a son recently.
I saw her son-in-law at the wedding, and he was so handsome.
This baby looks exactly like the baby-version of his dad.
He's so good-looking already.
Hey, check this out.
Goodness.
Your friend thinks he's cute because he's her grandson.
Why would she send pictures to others too?
All the babies look the same to me.
Why would she send those pictures? It's annoying.
I just don't understand.
I don't understand you.
Look how much fat you have here.
And you don't feel guilty to eat all that food?
Mom. You're hurting my feelings.
I'm just eating before I go to work.
If you get married and give a birth,
I'll do all the feeding and raising.
So please lose weight...
and get married already.
Let me hold an adorable grandchild in my arms.
Mom.
It's meaningless to get married in this society.
While we're at it,
let me declare to stay single throughout my life.
What do you mean?
I won't get married.
It's not that I can't. I choose not to.
- I choose not to get married. - What?
You know I do my job properly.
I feel satisfied only if I'm in charge of...
casting and everything else.
Okay, but keep this in mind.
Make sure she's not in a low level.
Hey. It's Air Force One.
Air Force One?
Yes, she's the flight attendant for the president's private plane.
- Okay. - Are you ready?
Are you ready?
- Shall we clink our glasses? - Sure.
- So you work for Air Force One? - Yes.
- Go in first. - Okay.
She isn't my type of girl. I need another blind date.
She models for our company.
You know, right? She's like the face of our company.
This restaurant is famous for its potato soup.
I knew you'd use a fork.
She's clumsy. She's way too clumsy.
- I can't stand her eating. - Goodness.
- I need another blind date. - Goodness.
He's too picky.
Her ex-boyfriend is Kim Min Woo, the major leaguer.
Before then, she dated Kim Young Hwa, the son of Wonhee Group.
Goodness.
She is so gluttonous.
I need another blind date.
The ring.
Yes, the wedding ring for "We Got Married". It's nowhere to be found.
I need it for the shooting. What should I do?
You want black coffee with an extra shot?
Yes, I'd be grateful.
Thank you.
It's all done.
(Episode 12 will air shortly.)